This projectr is about:

Hello, our group is composed of Nathan Chuang, Roman Heidt, and Enoch Chang. Our goal for this project is to help other students better understand and compare the trends of vaccine-preventable diseases globally. 

We chose this project because COVID-19 and its vaccines have been a heavily focused subject, but we wanted to explore various other diseases where vaccines have had a prevalent effect on infection rates and spread. In exploring this topic, we are able to learn and illustrate the comparisons of the effectiveness of the vaccines produced for the diseases we analyze.

For this project we will be using the disease reported case rate gathered from the WHO website on multiple different diseases including Measles and Mumps to create a dictionary that one can access easily to find data on a range of diseases and instantly graph them. This would allow the generation of multiple graphs, side by side for comparison, and allow a retrospective look on comparing diseases to one another. Our code would start out by putting all our diseases into a dictionary, linking the specific data sets to their disease names. We would then write a code that would put out a graph of a specific disease when given that specific disease name, and when given multiple names would generate multiple graphs side by side. If we have time we will also implement a small game in which two random graphs would be generated and the player would have to answer a question involving those graphs such as, “Was Measles or Mumps more prevalent during the year of 2019. The player would have to then figure out the right answer using the graph. For work division data collection will be the focus of Enoch, while Nathan will focus on making the dictionary and creating the code to generate the graphs, and Roman Will work on making the code for the game.
